c:\users\zspeter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe.config
c:\users\zspeter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
c:\users\zspeter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
c:\users\zspeter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\zspeter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\zspeter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\zspeter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\zspeter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\zspeter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.g.resources
c:\users\zspeter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\zspeter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\zspeter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
c:\users\zspeter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
c:\users\zspeter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.baml
c:\users\zspeter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.g.cs
C:\Users\zspeter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.baml
C:\Users\zspeter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.g.cs
C:\Users\zspeter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.baml
C:\Users\zspeter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.g.cs
C:\Users\zspeter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.baml
C:\Users\zspeter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.g.cs
C:\Users\zspeter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.baml
C:\Users\zspeter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.g.cs
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe.config
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.baml
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.baml
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.baml
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.baml
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.baml
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.g.cs
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.g.cs
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.g.cs
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.g.cs
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.g.cs
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker_MarkupCompile.cache
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.g.resources
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe.config
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.g.resources
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_01\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe.config
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker_MarkupCompile.cache
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.g.resources
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.Properties.Resources.resources
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.baml
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe.config
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.g.resources
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe.config
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker_MarkupCompile.cache
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.g.resources
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.Properties.Resources.resources
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe.config
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.baml
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.baml
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.baml
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.baml
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.baml
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.baml
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.g.cs
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.g.cs
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.g.cs
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.g.cs
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.g.cs
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.g.cs
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker_MarkupCompile.cache
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.g.resources
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\GameOver.baml
E:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_05\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\GameOver.g.cs
E:\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe.config
E:\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
E:\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe.config
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\GameOver.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\GameOver.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.g.resources
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_11\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe.config
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\GameOver.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\GameOver.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.g.resources
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_12\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe.config
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\GameOver.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\GameOver.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker_MarkupCompile.cache
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.g.resources
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.Properties.Resources.resources
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe.config
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\GameOver.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\GameOver.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.g.resources
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_13\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe.config
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\GameOver.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\GameOver.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker_MarkupCompile.cache
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.g.resources
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.Properties.Resources.resources
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_14\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe.config
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\GameOver.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\GameOver.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker_MarkupCompile.cache
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.g.resources
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.Properties.Resources.resources
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_15\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe.config
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\GameOver.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.baml
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\GameOver.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.g.resources
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
C:\Users\Zsolt\Documents\BrickBreaker_16\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe.config
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\GameOver.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.baml
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\GameOver.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker_MarkupCompile.cache
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.g.resources
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.Properties.Resources.resources
H:\haza\Zsoca\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe.config
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.baml
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.baml
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\GameOver.baml
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.baml
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.baml
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.baml
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.baml
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.g.cs
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.g.cs
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\GameOver.g.cs
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.g.cs
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.g.cs
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.g.cs
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.g.cs
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.g.resources
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\School\prog3\BrickBreaker_18\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe.config
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.exe
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\bin\Debug\BrickBreaker.pdb
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.baml
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.baml
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\GameOver.baml
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.baml
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.baml
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.baml
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.baml
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\DifficultySelection.g.cs
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Drawer.g.cs
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\GameOver.g.cs
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\HighScores.g.cs
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Informations.g.cs
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\MapSelection.g.cs
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\Options.g.cs
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.g.resources
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Erich\Documents\GitHub\BrickBreaker_Wpf_old\BrickBreaker\obj\Debug\BrickBreaker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
